Fix issues with using relative URLs. (#2674)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/quick-starts/twitter-as-federated-authenticator-sample.md

# Log in to a Sample Application using Twitter

> This page guides you through using Twitter as a federated authenticator and logging into a sample application. Here, we use a sample application called Pickup Dispatch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page guides you through using Twitter as a federated authenticator and logging in to a sample application. Here, we use a sample application called Pickup Dispatch. 
```
